Jobs Control: jobs and fg
To quickly check on the status
of our ICMP echo requests,
we need to make use of two additional
commands: jobs and fg.
Let’s begin by starting and suspending
two long-running commands.
The built-in jobs utility
lists the jobs that are running
in the current terminal session.
Running the fg command
followed by a percent sign
and job number
returns a job to the foreground.
We’ll use ctrl-c to terminate this
ping process and run jobs again.
With only one job running,
we can run fg without any additional
arguments to return it to the foreground.
Specific jobs can also be referenced
by their process ID number
or command name